Drop Node 14 support (#5782)
withastro/astro: .changeset/stupid-wolves-explain.md

---
'@astrojs/webapi': major
---

Replace node-fetch's polyfill with undici.

> Since `undici` does not support it, this changes remove support for the `file:` protocol

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since `undici` does not support it, this change also removes custom support for the `file:` protocol
```
